# intentions

## index
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/index
- title: Intro
- vimeo_ids: 483878304
- excerpt: Intro Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary Introduction Setting these intentions heals the heart...&nbsp;As we plant them, and nurture them, they grow deep into the Heart and subconscious. Don't be surprised when&nbsp;things just start working out more often. We ALWAYS have deeper intentions running our life, so getting conscious of the intentions that we want is KEY! This is how to tap into a more meaningful life, a deeper happiness in the Heart.&nbsp; Instructions: Learning to set intentions... is the best tool to face life, and be prepared for EVERY situation in life. &nbsp; Getting clear on my intentions, is key to internal growth, and happiness. &nbsp; IMPORTANT:&nbsp; &nbsp; 1- Limit yourself to a one video per&nbsp;day.&nbsp; (May even sit with one intention video for several days) &nbsp; 2- Take the time to ask yourself the questions. Even just 2 minutes, asking yourself the&nbsp;questions, will start to get the&nbsp;juices of growth and change flowing.&nbsp;Asking the question&nbsp;is&nbsp;important. &nbsp; 3- Incorporating the breath, with the word, is how to become a&nbsp;kung fu master of INTENTION. Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roo

## intention1
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention1
- title: Intention 1
- vimeo_ids: 491451277
- excerpt: Intention 1 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary # 1 Be Creative We are always creating, so let's get intentional about it! &nbsp; Mentioned&nbsp;here is one way to&nbsp;Be Creative, by using imagination... &nbsp; What if you took 30 seconds to&nbsp;imagine&nbsp;something incredibly good that could happen.&nbsp;Try it.&nbsp;I dare you. And notice how you feel. &nbsp; There are unlimited ways for you to be creative. Reflection.&nbsp; For 3 days, spend time on what it means to be Creative. 1- What does it mean to you to Be&nbsp;Creative?&nbsp;&nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to Be Creative?&nbsp; 3- Try connecting creativity with the breathe... "Breathe in creativity...&nbsp;breathe out&nbsp;creativity".&nbsp;Say to self "I am creative", a few times throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## intention2
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention2
- title: Intention 2
- vimeo_ids: 483727694
- excerpt: Intention 2 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary # 2 Be Kind True Kindness is Courage.&nbsp;It is an intention to truly build, to truly care, rather than just being nice.&nbsp; Heart&nbsp; Exercise &nbsp;2 1- What does it mean to you to Be Kind?&nbsp; &nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to you to Be Kind? &nbsp; 3- Try connecting kindness&nbsp;with the breathe... "Breathe in kindness...&nbsp;breathe out kindness".&nbsp;Say to self "I am Kind", throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## intention3
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention3
- title: Intention 3
- vimeo_ids: 483879872
- excerpt: Intention 3 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary #3 Be Beauty "Truth is Beauty...&nbsp;Beauty is Truth" - Keats.&nbsp; We will never know everything... but we can set the intention to look for&nbsp;truth, and align with it.&nbsp; The Truth, that is Inspires Beauty is what we are after. &nbsp; Is there anything more beautiful than&nbsp;a man or woman connected deeply to the truth they carry in their soul?&nbsp;Maybe&nbsp;not. Heart Fitness Exercise&nbsp;3 1- What does it mean to you to Be Beauty or Truth?&nbsp; &nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to Be Truth or Beauty? &nbsp; 3- Try connecting truth with the breathe... "Breathe in truth...&nbsp;breathe out truth".&nbsp;Say to self "I am Beauty" or "I am Truth", throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## intention4
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention4
- title: Intention 4
- vimeo_ids: 488237870
- excerpt: Intention 4 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary #4 Be Love Love... is a lousy word. But we use it anyway.&nbsp; :)&nbsp; &nbsp; The word is often unclear and&nbsp;means a thousand different things.&nbsp;But when the word lands well in the heart, it changes it. The type of Love we're talking about, is fundamental to life.&nbsp; &nbsp; Love is&nbsp;one of the most important words we have. Heart Exercise&nbsp;# 4 &nbsp; 1- What does it mean to you to Be Love?&nbsp; &nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to Be Love? &nbsp; 3- Try connecting love&nbsp;with the breathe... "Breathe in love...&nbsp;breathe out love".&nbsp;Say to self "I am Love", throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## intention5
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention5
- title: Intention 5
- vimeo_ids: 483880757
- excerpt: Intention 5 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary # 5 Be Abundance Abundance is a belief... and this belief can change everything.&nbsp;Choose to believe that abundance exists. Heart Exercise&nbsp;# 5 1- What does Abundance&nbsp;mean to you?&nbsp; &nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to Be Abundance, or believe in abundance? &nbsp; 3- Try connecting the idea of abundance&nbsp;with your&nbsp;breathe... "Breathe in abundance...&nbsp;breathe out abundance".&nbsp;Say to self "I am Abundant", throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## intention6
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention6
- title: Intention 6
- vimeo_ids: 483881976
- excerpt: Intention 6 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary #6 Be Receptive Receptivity is key to growth, healing and change.&nbsp;When we set the intention to be receptive, we allow the possibility to remove blinders we didn't know we had. Heart Exercise&nbsp;6 1- What does it mean to you to Be Receptivity?&nbsp; &nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to Be Receptive? &nbsp; 3- Try connecting receptivity&nbsp;with the breathe... "Breathe in receptivity...&nbsp;breathe out receptivity".&nbsp;Say to self "I am Receptive", throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one.&nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## intention7
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/intention7
- title: Intention 7
- vimeo_ids: 486241765
- excerpt: Intention 7 Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary #7 Be Ever-Expansive Life grows and is ever growing.&nbsp;Life is ever-expansive. Heart Exercise&nbsp;7 1- What does it mean to you to Be Ever-Expanding?&nbsp; &nbsp; 2- Why is it&nbsp;important to Be Ever-Expansive, or Ever-Expanding? &nbsp; 3- Try connecting your Expansiveness/Life with the breathe... "Breathe in expansiveness...&nbsp;breathe out expensiveness".&nbsp;Say to self "I am Ever-Expansiveness" or "I am Life", throughout the day (set a reminder). Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one. &nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.

## summary
- url: https://intentions.paulcropper.com/summary
- title: Summary
- vimeo_ids: 486242220
- excerpt: Summary Oops! Sorry!! This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge. Intentions Worth Planting Paul Cropper Home Intro Intention 1 Intention 2 Intention 3 Intention 4 Intention 5 Intention 6 Intention 7 Summary Summary 7 Intentions Planting these 7 intentions is finished... but you're not done yet... I honor you for getting here. &nbsp; Planting seeds, means watering and&nbsp;tending.&nbsp; Keep tending these seeds by&nbsp;increasing your&nbsp;awareness of what they mean to you,&nbsp;and they will serve you well. Ideas for Implementation 1- Set a reminder on your phone for remember these 7 intentions once a day for the next 30 days. &nbsp; 2- Meditate on these 7 intentions.&nbsp;As you inhale, think&nbsp;"I am Creative.." as you exhale "I am Creative", and repeat for each of the&nbsp;seven:&nbsp;I Am.. &nbsp; Creative, Kind, Beauty/Truth, Love, Abundance, Receptive, Ever-Expanding. &nbsp; These intentions are&nbsp;an excellent way to start the day, an incredible way to end the day, and a&nbsp;transformational way to live. &nbsp; Please donate to support Paul and more Heart tools like this one. &nbsp; Thank you!!! Donate Here (paypal) Other Options Here Deep Intentions grow roots, deep into the Heart, and become powerful- benefiting each aspect of life. This is about YOU feeling deeply GOOD © 2022 Paul Cropper All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy, Terms of Use.
